Okay.
Yup.
Yeah.
I don't know, like...
I don't think so.
Yeah, they created a whole new language, yeah.
Yeah.
No, no, no. Just a language, but I think
like in my mind i think lord of the rings kind of set off that trend.
Like language for like yeah, the purpose of a movie.
Does Star Wars have a different language?
Yeah.
What's your favorite Star- oh, can we just veer off onto Star Wars?
Because I'm not, I don't know much about Star Wars. So I'm gonna...
Which one do you like the most out of all...
Okay, first let's go with the trilogy. The first one.
Which one do you like?
Five?
What do you like? Four? The original one.
And Ellie likes the second one.
Really?
Oh. Okay.
But see, I. when I read Lord uh Lord of the Rings,
I did not really care much for the fellowship in the ring.
I just was reading it.
Because like... I
I never really cared to read the Lord of The Rings originally.
But um, when that movie came out,
there was a whole campaign for
uh... people to get kids, the next generation of kids to read.
So um... some like educational grant people said
if the kids read...
and write a report on it.
They will get free tickets to go to the movie and then the
District in Taipei would fund the bus
trip to go watch the movie during the day.
And so when that happened, my kids hated reading.
So I said okay I'll read,
and you guys will then have to read too, to get the kids to read.
And hit to paying for. Yeah.
forever
Me too because I couldn't get into it
at first...
the...
I think it's setting up the stage.
That it was so slow.
mmh.
I'm curious, what book do you? What book
What books do you like?
Mystery type... in the end.
Yeah.
Mystery.
Historical fiction. Mmh, Nice. Yeah.
Yeah, it was good. What historical fiction did you like so far?
Good books?
Wow.
What books did you... Do you read?
Oh.
Okay.
Yeah.
mmh
Depends how you use to grow up.
Yeah.
mmh
Oh yeah, sorry. How did you?
oh my...
Samwise.